If I throw a stick, will you leave?
You’re a gray sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn't be enough to blow your hat off.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
You are so annoying you make your Happy Meal cry.
Are you in the formula 1 bcoz you are driving me crazy
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail.
I’ll never forget the first time we met. But I’ll keep trying.
Hold still. I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
Your face makes onions cry.
It’s impossible to underestimate you.
Your voice is so bad that a deaf person will cover their ears when you are speaking
Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parents’ job.
Your face is just fine, but we’ll have to put a bag over that personality.
You bring everyone so much joy… when you leave the room.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear, it’s a beautiful day.
I’d rather treat my baby's diaper rash than have lunch with you.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that comes out of your mouth?
When you look in the mirror, say hi to the clown you see in there for me, would ya?
Wow, your maker really didn’t waste time giving you a personality, huh?
Someday you’ll go far… and I really hope you stay there.
You bring everyone so much joy! You know, when you leave the room.
Somewhere out there is a tree tirelessly producing oxygen for you. You owe it an apology.
Well, the jerk store called. They’re running out of you.
I’m busy right now; can I ignore you another time?
If you have a problem with me, write the problem on a piece of paper, fold it, and shove it up your ass.
You have an entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?
No matter how much a snake sheds its skin, it’s still a snake.
You’re the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo.
I guess if you actually ever spoke your mind, you’d really be speechless.
Since you know it all, you should know when to shut up.
Life is full of disappointments, and I just added you to the list.
I treasure the time I don’t spend with you.
I was going to make a joke about your life, but I see life beat me to it.
The last time I saw something like you… I flushed.
The only work-life balance I want is being away from you.
When you start talking, I stop listening.
When you die, mother earth will be finally relieved of her main regret
When your neighbours look up to see stars all they see is the methane from your farts clouding the sky
I would show you some charts to prove that you are dumb but you don't understand numbers
Christmas has become very lonely for you ever since your parents left you in the garbage
Biscuits are everyone's favourite delicacy but if you were to have one more you would burst
Mirrors cant talk and for your benefit, they can't laugh either
Feed your own ego. I’m busy.
Please just tell me you don’t plan to home-school your kids.
What doesn’t kill you, disappoints me.
Child, I’ve forgotten more than you ever knew.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than whatever you just said.
Earth is full. Go home.
Can you tell me 54+91? Oh yes I forgot that you cannot spend your one brain cell.
Keep rolling your eyes, you might eventually find a brain.
Grab a straw, because you suck.
I believed in evolution until I met you.
You’re my favorite person… besides every other person I’ve ever met.
I envy people who have never met you.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
You are as bad as Morgz.
I’m not shy. I just don’t like you.
I’m visualizing duck tape over your mouth.
Dogs are so cute !!! But seriously, stop trying to be one
I’d smack you, but that would be animal abuse.
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?
It’s scary to think people like you are allowed to vote.
I keep thinking you can’t get any dumber and you keep proving me wrong.
I would wish you a safe journey to heaven but I don’t think you will be going there
The first solution to world hunger is stop you from eating the food of 20 people
It’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
I thought I had the flu, but then I realized your face makes me sick to my stomach.
I am not ignoring you. I am simply giving you time to reflect on what an idiot you are being.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so feel free to go.
It’s kind of hilarious watching you try to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
Your life dream to become one of the 101 Dalmatians can never be true
I don’t think you’re unintelligent. You just have bad luck when it comes to thinking.
You’re not as bad as people say. You’re a whole lot worse.
It’s looks like your face caught on fire and somebody tried to extinguish it with a hammer.
There is only one problem with your face: I can see it.
My history project is based completely upon you
80 people together are equivalent to your body mass
If you were to be taken as an example of human biology the subject would be declared incorrect
If I ever said anything to offend you, it was purely intentional.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd one's for you.
If I wanted to kill myself I’d climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I don’t exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I’d drink it.
You’re so ugly you make blind kids cry.
You’re so dumb, your dog teaches you tricks.
People love popsicles for their taste not their stickiness so scram as you have only the later
You seem like one of those people who would shit in their pants and say they hid chocolate there.
My history teacher said Homo habilis were the first race of humans. You're so dumb , you must be one of them
Roses are red, Violets are blue, People are awesome, But what happened to you?
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I'd say that you're smart, But that wouldn't be true
You are so boring, people around you die of mid-life crisis at the age of 12